click Play start play flag I'm glad you
can join me and my friends on my vacay
we're checking into a totally awesome
hotel this place has everything
favorite the floors even spin around
wanna come hang out with us we need to
collect for souvenirs to take home
there's one souvenir in each room and if
you see one of this let's get started
and check in we need to sign the
guestbook and get our keys let's go she
guestbook should be here but I don't see
it
maybe ringing that Bell without go ahead
and click it click the pen to sign the
book awesome we're all checked in base
it's time to explore meet you in the
elevator
choose where we go max press a button to
visit any room let's unpack my suitcase
wanna help call first click the suitcase
to pick something up awesome now let's
put it away
big things go in the closet mess
unpacking ever that's too small for the
closet try again
always be prepared that's too big for it
that's my favorite that's everything
awesome attacking job this is cool let's
keep it as a souvenir that's our first
souvenirs
we're done in my room for now let's go
to another room click here to go back to
the elevator or click here to see what
happens you decides this is lightless
room let's hang out here for a while and
play a cool card game we need to match
all the parts first click on a card to
turn it over now click on another card
and see if it matches you've got it nope
try again
Hotel cards will make a fun souvenir
that's 2 souvenirs
let's find 2 more
we're done here for now let's go to
another room click here to go back to
the elevator or click here to see what
happens
or deception where we go next press a
button to visit any room welcome to the
music lounge
let's deejay a song together it's easy
while the song is playing push any
button on your console to add to the
music and light show press a button
again to turn that part off ready let's
go
here's a DJ keychain to keep is our
souvenir
that's three rooms and three souvenirs
only one more left we're done here for
now let's go to another room click here
to go back to the elevator choose where
we go next press a button to visit any
room check out this awesome room it has
a rock climbing wall when you get to the
top of the wall there's a super cool
water slide that goes to the pool
I can't wait to dry this meet you up
there so I can make bigger splash as
possible to make the biggest splash
click the button when the meter is in
the green that was the biggest splash
ever click here to go back to the
elevator or you could click here to try
again
did you see that that was the biggest
class ever click here to go back to the
elevator or you could click here to try
it yes that was the biggest class ever
click here to go back there this is cool
let's keep it as a souvenir that's the
last two veneer we have them all aside
now that we have all our souvenirs it's
time to check out click here to take us
back to the lobby wow that was so fun
and we didn't even leave the hotel
thanks for sharing my vacation and
helping me let's do this again real soon
click play again to play this adventure
again
you